Manager Liu
No, you have been since the company was founded
Most familiar with the company's business
Mr. Gu just took over
I need you anytime
Is it Mr. Gu's intention?
All right
Recruiting and docking work take a certain amount of time
Well, you can leave in a month.
Oh.
Why aren't you leaving?
There's still some work at the junction and I need to stay for another month
Really?
If you don't believe me, ask Manager Liu, don't shake in front of me
Yes
You think I'm rare
Mr. Gu
This is the gift you told me to prepare for my wife
Where does he live? Riverside Gardens
I'll take you there.
Mom
Zhao Tingchuan is back
I don't know.
What do you know?
It's been three years. You haven't seen each other
The Zhao family is so rich
You haven't got a penny yet.
You loser
I'll give you three days.
Or take him home
Or divorce him
Let Xuewei marry
What about Xuewei?
More than you will come
Did you hear what I said?
If it hadn't happened last night
I will try to get along well with him.
But now I'm not good enough for him
I heard you're back
Let's get a divorce.